TODO
figure out a way to not have to use the global currentLetterIndex variable.
refactor input and the other button to make them nicer

fix bug with last ya here. it only accept ي and doesnt work with any ى
قل أعوذ برب الناس ملك الناس إلاه الناس من شر الوسواس الخناس ااذي 

// fix an issue with the ya encoding 
    // (persian for some reason). Note this replaces all normal ya, but also the ya for alef layena.
    //  so for something like فى it is written في. Not sure if this is fine, check with someone arabic literate.

look at the whole tashkeel part again.


sort out bug when when press button then type from the middle of the word it doesnt work
it only works from the start of the word. should be a simple index update

can maybe make the animation smoother?

maybe add some feature or popup or smth when all the words in the final row have been finished

add surah name search

"test": "node --experimental-vm-modules node_modules/jest/bin/jest.js",    this fixed everything

TODO:
Change it so if surah number is searched again, after the user has done some work,
the surah gets refreshed and all the green gets cleared for them to restart.

Add more unit and e2e tests.

Mobile optimation and seo

change the alert to a toast

LATER: make big screens better
The upper limit is a little harder to clarify. These days super-duper-ultra-wide monitors aren’t uncommon, so you should plan for the possibility that your site could be viewed on some ridiculously wide monitor. Often, this is accomplished by setting up a max-width for all of your content and then centering that on the page. With a setup like that your content will look fine even on super-wide resolutions.



IMPORTANT: When wake up. Look at the fonts again. Choose a nice font, and make the small edit to the alef. get a fresh folder from the zip file.


VERY IMPORTANT: Raise the issue of the incorrect text on the api site to the devs.
https://alquran.cloud/surah/1
Ayah 2 renders on the site with incorrect tashkeel.
possibly other issues as well


NEW API STUFF FOR NOW:
Figure out ya encoding. Might be fine or might be an issue. do some research and understand it.
sort out certain text not formatting properly like kasreteen then meen. DONE. Check if there is anything else like that.
check if there is something wrong with copy and pasting from log of no tashkeel into the input box
handle .(THINK THIS CAN BE FIXED BY USING onChange() INSTEAD OF THE NORMAL TYPING)




